You can link plasteel barricades together using a crowbar. First click one, and then click one adjacent. Repeat as needed.
A lone marine is a dead marine and a happy xeno. Stick together!
Watch out for friendly fire. Make sure you're not walking into anyone's firing line, and make sure no one else is in yours!
Be mindful when using hand grenades. Getting stunned or knocked over after priming a grenade will drop it at your feet. This is obviously very dangerous for not only you, but your friends as well.
Reflective walls will bounce back non-IFF bullets, including rockets. Try not to shoot them.
Vary your loadout! Doing the same thing every round gets old fast. Try out the pistols, or carry flares.
Be careful when firing an Orbital Bombardment, Close Air Support, or the Mortar. Make sure you're not about to blow up the entire marine push.
The Orbital Bombardment is always closer than it looks.
Never inject a marine you haven't scanned! You might overdose them; ESPECIALLY so with an emergency autoinjector.
Check perma-dead marines (skull icon on medhud) for useful gear, such as webbings, AP ammo, or binoculars.
Always check for traps beneath loose objects - it could save your life!
Bring a fire extinguisher, it might just save someone's life. They can remove flames that block a push, remove acid from other marines, as well as put out people on fire.
Trading your life for a Xenomorph's is almost always worth it.
If another marine is stunned, you can click on them with help intent with an open hand to shake them up faster.
No round has ever been won behind a barricade. Apart from the ones that have.
Always clear weeds and alien structures as you advance.
Try not to block off pushes when using a flamethrower.
Recover bodies whenever possible. Even if the marine is unrevivable, useful gear and ammunition can still be salvaged.
A lack of supplies at the FOB can cost you the round. Make sure to unpack supply crates, weapons, and ammo for your fellow marines.
More dakka is not good when it is directed towards your teammates.
Never place barricades facing each other - Not only does this block bullets, both barricades are damaged at once if one is slashed!
An FOB is as strong as its weakest part. Secure all flanks, remember that walls can be pried open.
Flamethrowers: Green fire is weak but has a lot of utility, such as melting through armor and being instantly extinguishable. Queens and Ravagers are flameproof. Most flamethrower damage comes from the initial burst, not the flame on the ground. Don't forget you have an underbarrel extinguisher.
CPR extends the defib timer on dead marines. It can be done by clicking the dead marine on help intent with an open hand. Make sure to get the rhythm correct!
If the main push is stagnating and the area is congested, try to coordinate with a few others and go to a different area.
When pushing into an area, check the flanks. Especially so in caves.
Examine your gun and click [See combat statistics] to view information such as damage for your weapon.
Xenomorphs who resist while on fire are stunned for some time and emit light. Use that time to catch up and finish them off!
When you have shrapnel embedded, take out your boot knife and use it in your hand to rip them out of your body.
If your weapon has a bayonet, you can manually pry open unpowered doors by clicking on them with the gun. Click on the door again to close it. UPP bayonets can pry them open quicker.
Items on the floor can be shot. Shoot a poorly thrown HEDP away to save your buddies!
You can hold a bayonet or throwing knife on your mask slot. Always be prepared.
Xenomorphs can't apply huggers to marines if they're on fire.
Dragging a Nanomed onto yourself instantly gives a Health Analyzer report. Always know what's wrong with you.
Splints slow you down. Remove them after your bones are healed by using the Remove Your Splints verb.
Blood loss can lead to hunger, which can slow you down. Make sure you're always full after taking a beating.
Resin structures are weaker to melee than they are to bullets. Take out your knives!
Researchers can make pressurized canister pouches, which can contain up to 480 reagents, and contain custom injectors that can be easily used by privates.
When fighting xenomorphs, don't aim for the head - It won't increase damage against anyone but your fellow marines.
Don't forget to set the Anti-Aircraft Gun!
Scavenging attachments (or other things) from dead marines isn't bad practice, as long as you make sure they're actually dead first.
When receiving a supply crate drop from requisitions, make sure to move the crate before opening it - Otherwise subsequent supply crates will be hidden beneath it!
If a grenade comes your way, hit the deck! Lying down will reduce damage and let you dodge any shrapnel flying overhead.
You can grab items from second-level storage, such as a splint in a first aid kit stored inside a satchel.
By right clicking your medical belt and selecting "toggle belt mode", you can take pills out of bottles by simply clicking them once.
You can put screwdrivers, cigarettes, and some other things in your second ear slot!
Pilots : there is one of each engine upgrade in the hangar at the start of the round, saving you the point cost of having to print out a pair of each.
You can use a hand labeler (as found in squad prep rooms) to name your equipment and make it less likely to be stolen.
You can use a health analyzer in hand (Z key) to check the last scan readout from it.
Holocards are a useful triage tool for doctors and medics. Ensure you assign them (examine the marine with shift-click and select an appropriate holocard) to marines who have taken damage that cannot be healed without surgery. (Hint : major organ damage or larval infection = red card!)
Escape pods are designed for only three occupants - more than that, or if a larger xenomorph is in the pod, and it will malfunction and blow up on launch.
A misloaded OB can deviate severely from the intended target area - ensure you load them correctly!
The XO and CO are trained in Power Loader use and engineering, and can load the OB.
You can change what your SL tracker beacon is tracking by right clicking on your headset and clicking "Switch Tracker Target".
Boilers emit light - not every glow from around the corner is friendly!
The amount of items in Requisitions and Squad Preparations depend on how many players readied up at the start of the round.
You can carry a variety of items inside your helmet - from gauze and cigarettes to flares and screwdrivers.
CIC staff can track every USCM-aligned person via the suit sensors console and overwatch console - useful for finding escaped prisoners or dead marines.
When the M7 RPG is fired, it creates a substantial shockwave behind it that can stun and harm marines standing too close. Watch your backblast!
Remember that you need to put a defibrillator's paddles away in order to store it.
W-Y PMCs do not have marine IFF. Don't fire Smartguns at them!
To talk on multiple radio channels at once, put a COMMA [,] before your message and add up to four prefixes. E.g, ,abcd talks on the main four squad channels at once.
Put .w or :w before your message to whisper. Another way to whisper is to use the verb "whisper" in the IC tab or command bar.
For Vehicle Crewmen : it is often safer to repair the parts of your APC or tank inside the vehicle than outside it.
It is almost always faster to do surgery manually than in the autodoc.
To check your skills, go to the IC tab and click "view skills".
Minirockets pack the most punch per cost as far as CAS weaponry is concerned.
The U7 underbarrel shotgun can instantly break down both resin doors and mechanical airlocks, and it's not bad at breaking walls down either.
You can find breaching charges in Requisitions or the Squad Engineer vendor. They function like C4, but can be deployed and explode much quicker, and release powerful shrapnel on the opposite side. They require minor engineering knowledge, which can be obtained from pamphlets.
Armor piercing ammunition does less damage to unarmored targets.
Requisitions may not grant you service if you are a 'pajamarine' : a marine in cryosleep attire. Be sure to dress up!
You can insert empty pill bottles into ChemMasters before creating pills to have them automatically inserted.
Nurses can practice a full range of surgeries on Professor DUMMY. Ask the gods to give you one if you see (or are) a nurse practicing.
Drinks from the hot drinks machine warm you up.
Be careful! Barricades block grenades, and indeed all thrown items, from the front if they're barbed up.
CAS Fire Missions doubles the accuracy of fired weapons, which can be substantial.
Painkillers do not stack. Only the strongest has any effect.
Don't underestimate the mortar: with ammo and proper communication it can hit surprisingly hard.
You can shoot through tents, but they won't protect you much in return.
Reqs doesn't have an infinite budget.
Good Reqs can land supplies anywhere outside - given coords - and sometimes in a minimal amount of time.
A ‘point blank’ or ‘PB’ is a type of attack with a firearm where you click directly on a mob next to you. These attacks are not effected by accuracy allowing you to quickly fire with weapons like a shotgun to great effect.
Intel Officers can be put in a different squad by going to CIC and requesting it.
Any marine can perform CPR. On dead marines, this will increase the time they have until they become unrevivable.
If you've been pounced on and your squad is unloading into the target, you can hit the 'rest' button to stay down so you don't get filled with lead after getting up.
You can check the landing zone as a marine in the status panel.
The Colonial Marshals may come to crack down on too heavy of a Black Market usage.
A night vision HUD optic can be recharged by removing it with a screwdriver, then placing it into a recharger.
You can put a pistol belt on your suit slot. (Just grab a rifle instead.)
Alt-clicking the Squad Leader tracker lets you track your fireteam leader instead.
Armor consistently protects you from damage to your chest, arms, and legs, but does not protect hands and feet. Take the wiki damage values as a best-case scenario.
You can click on your Security Access Tuner (multitool) in your hand to locate the area's APC if there is one.
Need help learning the game and these tips aren't enough? Use MentorHelp or try to get ahold of your ship's Senior Enlisted Advisor.
Clicking on your sprite with help intent will let you check your body, seeing where your fractures and other wounds are.
Armor has insulative properties - taking it off will help you cool off and take less damage faster if you've been set on fire.
Both foldable cades & plasteel cades if loosened and folded down can be transported in crates! In this way, you can use the crate as a portable breach-repair kit, or dragged (or carried via Power Loader) to an unsecure area for quick defensive set up.
The fuel tank pouch doesn't just carry fuel for an incinerator- they can also carry full-size extinguishers. Toolbelts & tool pouches also may hold miniature extinguishers.
The M2C heavy machine gunner belt rig can also carry C4, breaching charges, and most tools.
You can always multitask as Medic, such as by using pills or healing kits at the same time as defibrillator.
The nuclear ordnance requires BOTH communication towers to be actively held to decrypt the nuclear codes.
ARES will periodically report the amount of available tech points on Command Channel.
The quick wield keys generally prioritize wieldable gear going from left to right on your inventory bar.
Orbital Bombardment warheads respect roofing and hive core protection. They won't hit inside of protected areas.
The Queen can unbolt and break dropship doors by prying them open, even if they are unlocked. Pilots, Dropship Crew Chiefs, Engineers and Synths can repair these doors with a multitool.
If you jump out of a dropship with a parachute on (when there is no paradrop system active), you will land at a random location on the map.
If you push crates out of a dropship when paradropping, it will land near the paradrop drop point.
When paradropping, you can toss any large item (such as a backpack, pouch, or gun) into hyperspace, and it will land near the paradrop drop point. However, smaller items such as flares will not survive the fall.
Medbay cryotubes will process chemicals in the dead if Cryoxadone and or Clonexadone is present. In a mass-casualty situation or when a patient has severe injuries, consider injecting the dead with chemicals and putting them in the tubes.
A synthetic's head can be reattached to their body by a skilled doctor. Save your synth!
