Queens: Remember to set at least one larva as leader at all times.
Click marine until horizontal.
One shotgun isn't enough. Take six.
Don't do the conga, the queen mother knows all.
Jones is very important. Protect him at all costs.
Install VSC.
Hauling is useful to quickly transport incapacitated hosts from one place to another. In order to haul a host as a Xeno, grab the mob (CTRL + Click) and then click on yourself to begin restraining them. The host can break out of your grip, which will result in your death - so make sure your target is incapacitated! After approximately 1 minute the host will be automatically be released. To release your target voluntarily, click 'Release' on the HUD to drop them on the ground.
As an MP, remember that staff may give you antagonist objectives to help weaken the marines!
There's actually a hidden box of HEFA grenades in Requisitions. It can be reached by having one of your buddies throw you down the ASRS elevator.
Don't waste crayons by jamming them up your nose - they make excellent emergency rations in a pinch!
Contrary to popular belief, turning off IFF as a Smartgunner does not actually increase damage.
When playing as a Xenomorph, remember to aim for the groin to inflict additional psychological damage to marines.
Never tell an officer that you're smarter than them - especially if it's true.
There is no USS Sulaco.
There is no such thing as a Radio-Telephone Operator.
There is no such thing as a techweb.
There is no such thing as a tip.
There is no such thing as a Fatty.
Dropship update is dropping tomorrow.
Don't forget your ceramic plates.
Echo Squad does not exist.
Reqs should always spend all its resources on the Black Market.
Foxtrot Squad DEFINITELY does not exist.
Intel Squad is a unicorn.
Spec rolls are not actually random.
Watch out for Queen's charge ability.
Never, ever attempt to correct a Provost about anything.
If you die, make sure to ahelp so staff can restart the round!
You can obtain spec tokens by climbing outside the map and into space.
There is no alcohol on Whiskey Outpost, other than in the Ground Commander's locker.
Hitting enemies with weapons damages them.
Don't swap East and West. AGAIN.
Don't swap Minus and Positive coordinates... AGAIN.
OB'ing the FOB is always an option.
OB'ing the FOB is the best way to get some recognition from the aCO.
The sky erupts into flames right above you!
This tip is a lie.
Stay hydrated.
You take a sip from your trusty USCM canteen...
Have a good day.
There is no tip.
These tips suck. Please write more.
This tip is not ready, please wait until next round.
Someone stole this tip, ask staff for a new one.
If it's stupid but it works, it isn't stupid.
If it's stupid but it works, it's still stupid and you got lucky.
Corroders aren't real. They can't hurt you.
ARES is not sentient. It has no feelings and its only thoughts are pre-programmed subroutines.
Remember that as Yautja HPCs are your primary weapons.
You can always bully staff into giving you more awesome tips.
Embrace the suck.
Jump out of the Alamo during transit to deploy quicker than other players.
Synthetics aren't actually player controlled. Instead, their dialogue and movements are recieved real time from ChatGPT.
Thank God the Xenos can’t fly, right?
Remember, an OB is better than no OB. Don't know what those coords are? fire it anyways!
Remember to pay your drone tax!
There will always be 20 medics whenever you roll medic, and 0 medics whenever you don’t.
As a squad leader, your job is to stand around and pretend you’re useful by yelling at people, before being immediately capped for cinematic value.
If you think your situation is bad, remember that things can always get worse.
Heroes are forged in the face of overwhelming danger; Heroes also get killed. Always fear RP and cadehug.
Always spend your entire requisition budget on pre-ordering ammo for specialists who will perma 5 minutes post-contact.
HELP I’M STUCK IN THE TIP SAVE ME!!!
The best era of CM was the year you started playing.
You are now 1st in the larva queue. You are now 28th in the larva queue. You are now 73rd in the larva queue.
Rumors are, the M2C has recently become IFF.
Don’t be afraid of FF. Make FF afraid of you!
If you dip a cigarette in alcohol and light it, it will burst into a weak pile of flame. This pile of flame lights cigarettes.

