Remember hotkeys and macros can be customized to your liking. Hotkeys can be accessed in your preferences, and macros can be edited in the Byond macro editor, available in the top left drop down menu (click the Byond logo in the corner of the game window).
If you're unsure about a gameplay mechanic, use the 'mentorhelp' verb in the Admin tab to ask veteran players on the subject. It is also available from the pause menu, pressing ESCAPE.
Try not to get too mad about dying. We’re all here to have fun.
You can get information on current TestMerges by pressing 'Show Server Revision' in 'OOC' tab.
After dying, ask yourself what you did wrong and make a mental note to not make the same mistake again.
Communication, be it from a marine to a marine, a drone to the queen, or command to everyone, is vital and information on flanks can change how the entire round plays out.
As an alien or marine, be careful of the flank, regardless of if the push is going well or stalling out.
Half of getting good is knowing to be aggressive. The other half is knowing when not to be aggressive.
Alt-click a storage item to draw the last item in it (last non-weapon if it's a weapon belt). Middle-click a storage item to immediately open it, and middle-click structures to attempt to vault them.
Use "North, South, West, East" when referring to locations in-game rather than "up, down, left, right".
As a mentor, you can become the imaginary friend of a new player to teach them!
You shouldn't ignore what your allies are up to. Sometimes they can be organizing a flank in hivemind/radio, sometimes they can be walking up behind you with a slug-loaded shotgun. Either way, it pays to be alert to what they're doing, as much to as what the enemies are.
The Wiki (https://cm-ss13.com/wiki) is a very useful repository of information about the game, such as weapons, equipment, xenomorph castes and their strains. It may not be fully up to date much of the time, but the basics are usually accurate.
As an observer, you may see how much remaining hijack time is left in the status panel.
As an observer, you can quickly follow someone by ctrl-clicking on their sprite.
You can always AdminHelp with the F1 key to question a member of staff regarding rules or game bugs.
As ghost you are given extra tools for spectating the round: you can jump and follow specific players, get notifications about CAS and OB strikes, can see all health bars, and such.
You can press ESC key to bring up the game pause menu. It allows you change settings, AdminHelp and MentorHelp, and even access the Web Maps of game by clicking at top right.
Dead? You can take that moment to 'Edit Characters' from Preferences or Escape menus, to flesh out your characters or change your settings.
Control of intelligence is important: be it for retrieving it as marine, or denying it as Xeno.
If the lobby music is too loud or bothering you, you can disable it in Preferences tab at top right.
Maps can and will be unpredictably modified by the Nightmare system - stay frosty while roaming around!
You can go to GitHub to view code of the game and propose modifications of your own.
