Acid pillars can be sneakily placed next to a door in order to surprise marines.
Alien structures like clusters, walls, or pillars are vital to your victory, be it as cover or to delay and funnel marines.
Always thank your drones and Hivelords for supporting the hive!
Don't underestimate survivors. They have no armor but that makes them very fast, they're inherently hardier than marines and have various tricks up their sleeves.
While the Queen is de-ovied, the hive does not gain evolution points.
Try out new castes or strains that you might have passed up initially. You might find them to be surprisingly fun.
As an Alien, it is EXTREMELY IMPORTANT that you have your abilities set up on hotkeys or macros. Ask for help if you don't know how.
Pouncing or lunging into a marine that's almost offscreen is not very wise. A marine with a shotgun may be right next to them.
Most alien deaths are caused by over-aggression, especially off weeds. Rein yourself in, or you may find yourself dying round after round.
You can spit at or shoot a welding fuel tank to blow it up next to hostiles.
Quickly rest if you're right next to an explosive about to blow, you'll absorb half the explosion damage. The same method can be used to avoid shrapnel from certain explosion types.
On grab intent, click vendors to knock them over. After a few seconds, they'll fall on their side and you can walk through them.
Unpowered shutters can be manually opened by clicking on them. The Queen can also open containment shutters, but this takes some time.
Moving through pipes is noisy and entering/leaving the vents has a noticeable visual and auditory cue.
If a fellow alien is stunned, be sure to drag them to safety.
On help intent, click a xenomorph who is on fire to pat them out. This works on marines too!
Frenzy increases your speed and damage, Recovery increases your health regeneration, and Warding increases the time you have until you bleed out in critical health.
Remember that, as a Xenomorph, you can fully disable your night-vision. This helps put into perspective how hidden your position is to marines onscreen.
You can drag larva corpses (not embryos) onto the hive core to gain a new burrowed larva.
The bigger you are, the more time it'll take to enter a tunnel.
Drag yourself onto a hole in a wall as a medium-sized or smaller Xeno to pass through it.
Claymores have directional explosions. Set them off early by slashing them from behind.
If you have difficulty clicking marines, try using Directional Slashing, though there's no directional slashing for abilities.
You can diagonally pounce through the corners of fire as a Lurker or Runner without getting ignited.
When playing as Xeno, consider aiming at the limbs instead of the chest. Marine armor doesn't protect the arms and legs as well as it does the body.
You can dodge pounces that aren't aimed directly at you by laying down.
You may rest immediately during a pounce to pounce straight through mobs. It's not very practical or useful though.
Pouncing someone who is buckled to a chair will still stun them, but you won't jump into their tile and they will not be knocked to the ground.
Star shell dust from said grenades is just as meltable as normal flares.
You can join the hive as a living Facehugger by clicking on the hive's Eggmorpher. This works on other hives too..
Playable Facehuggers can leap onto targets with a one-second windup, but this will only infect them if they are adjacent to it. Otherwise, it will simply knock them down for a small duration.
As a Facehugger, you cannot talk in hivemind, but you can still open Hive Status and overwatch your sisters. This can be useful if you're locating other Facehuggers, flanker castes, or trying to learn from experienced Facehugger players.
Shift-clicking the Queen indicator will tell you what area you are in, on the map.
As a Ravager your abilities become greatly enhanced when you empower with three or more people around you.
Resisting on a water tile will immediately put out fires. Make sure you're alone though - It's usually better to let a friendly Xenomorph pat you out than it is to expose yourself to open water.
You can filter out the Xenomorphs displayed in hive status by health, allowing you to look only for wounded sisters.
Each xeno has their own ‘tackle counter’ on a marine. The range to successfully tackle can be anywhere from two to six tackles based on caste. If a marine gets stunned or knocked over by other means it will reset everyone's tackle counters and they may get up!
As a Xenomorph, the list of available tunnels is sorted by their distance to the player!
As a Xenomorph, pay attention to what a marine is wearing. If they have no helmet, aiming for the head will be significantly more damaging, if they aren't wearing gloves, then think about going for their hands.
The M540-A Armored Recon Carrier can be crawled under as a xenomorph when destroyed.
The M540-A Armored Recon Carrier is very vulnerable to acid damage.
Applying acid to flares makes them burn faster.
Melting weapons, ammo or other valuables owned by marines is a good way to debilitate them.
The secrete acid shortcut is (by default) Shift + C.
Placing acid traps under map debris such as metal sheets, wooden planks or other semi-large to large items is good for catching marines by surprise.
Burrower can place tunnels underneath tables or lockers.
Lesser drones and facehuggers cannot speak or use the Hivemind for three minutes after spawning.
Alt-clicking on the Queen tracker allows you to set it to also track the Hive Core, any living leaders or any existing tunnels. Tunnels are ordered by closest to furthest; top to bottom.
Be mindful of not blocking the escape of injured sisters.
As a Xenomorph, you are able to melt advanced body scanners, sleepers, MarineMeds and limb printers.
You can break roller beds with a single slash to stop a medic from quickly transporting a body.
As a Defender, lowering your crest gives you increased resistance to stuns like explosives or shotgun shells.
Tail stab will always hit the targetted limb and will do 1.2x your normal melee damage; it has a two tile range.
You can check if a door is shocked by tailstabbing it.
You can use your tail stab to slowly damage and break doors; this takes some time.
Some smaller Xenomorphs such as Runners can hide behind barricades by resting against them, a good surprise tactic.
Defenders with a lowered crest can open existing holes in walls.
As a Defender, you can deal an additional stage of damage to an APC by lowering your crest and then attacking it.
Any Xenomorph with acid can melt any kind of window frame; you may use this to create additional paths.
